# Zachary_Bailey_WebProject
My Web Design Project for my Final Project in Cs-2100 Intro To Web Development

The main purpose of this website is to serve as an HTML and css tutorial for beginners. It is not meant in any way to substitute for any other tutorial websites for the concepts are brief, and there may be some sections that are skipped. The purpose is to give a basic understanding to users who have no clue what HTML or CSS is and give an outline of some of the very basic uses of both HTML and CSS. The webpage includes 3 lessons for HTML, 3 lessons for CSS, a practice for each lesson that aligns with the lesson, and a test that goes over HTML and a test that goes over CSS. There is also a webpage about me, an area to leave feedback, and other helpful resources to learn more about CSS and HTML, many sources listed are ones I used to help create this webpage as well. There is also a webpage with products on it to signify the concept of e-commerce. None of the products inside of the page are real, and are only there to serve as a concept for e-commerce. There are also meta tag descriptions that have been added to add a description for all of the 19 different pages that are apart of the website. The website functions as a normal website, so there is no real need to outline instructions on how to run it. Just click through the navigation links to get from the HTML section to the CSS section or the resources and homepage. Click through the tables to get to the outlined lesson, practice, or test. The practices and tests have not been implemented yet because we have not set up that part of the project, but when they are I will update this to include how those work as well. For the products, just click "buy now" to be brought to a checkout and select your amount and purchase it there. This is a beginner project so if there is any feedback you have for the assignment, just submit it in the feedback section of the resources page! If you want more in-depth HTML and CSS tutorials or lessons, there are plenty of great websites outlined on the resources page.
